Adding several entries in FAQ (#18)
computorg/computorg.github.io: _posts/2023-03-24-others-languages.md

---
layout: post
title: 'I use a different language than Python, R or Julia: would Computo accept my contributions?'
date: 2023-03-24 00:00:00
tags: [reproducibility, code]
description: Describe how to handle other languages than R, Julia or Python
---

In principle, we are open to any kind of language.

> In practice, we need to integrate reproducible and compilable code into our quarto template. Natively, we support, `R`, `Python` and `Julia` and give dedicated template. For others, if the language is supported by a Jupyter kernel ([there are kernels for many languages](https://gist.github.com/chronitis/682c4e0d9f663e85e3d87e97cd7d1624), [quarto allows code execution](https://quarto.org/docs/computations/execution-options.html#engine-binding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, we need to integrate reproducible and compilable code into our quarto template. Natively, we support, `R`, `Python` and `Julia` and provide dedicated templates. For others, if the language is supported by a Jupyter kernel ([there are kernels for many languages](https://gist.github.com/chronitis/682c4e0d9f663e85e3d87e97cd7d1624), [quarto allows code execution](https://quarto.org/docs/computations/execution-options.html#engine-binding).
```
